so I'm a member of this group on
Facebook and it's for ninja owners and
if you're not a member
I'll put a link to it down below we need
to go ahead and become a member that
group that's full of awesome people and
they're super helpful have great recipes
and one of them today
that we were going to try was submitted
by a lady by the name of Lorri Lonard
and I hope I said your last name right
but she posted a picture in this group
of the General Tso's chicken and it
looked amazing so I said I got to try it
so I went to the grocery today got what
we needed and we're gonna try some
General Tso's chicken so what you will
need is roughly 2 pounds of chicken
breast or unify the chicken tenders
you're going to cut these in little
squares I got the chicken breast is a
dollar cheaper or pounds and the tenders
but need two pounds of chicken need two
packets of the general tso chicken
seasoning mix and you can find this in
your grocery in the Asian food aisle
you'll also need some General Tso's
stir-fry sauce find that in the same
aisle and then you just need a little
bit of flour and a little bit of oil and
then if you want to cook it over rice
you'll need some rice too I also picked
these up here I might try to mix those
in have a cup of flour and I've got my
chicken and it's cut in about 1-inch
pieces so I'm gonna put the chicken in
in the bag and then shake shake it to
coat the chicken okay so next I'm going
to put the stove top for the ninja on
stove top high and I'm going to add four
tablespoons of oil inside the Ninja and
warm it up okay so once your oil is hot
and you will scoop out some chicken out
of your bag and then and do the Ninja
and you'll cook it on all sides okay so
I have all my chicken in there if you
have more than I would probably just do
this a single layer if you have more you
may cook some and then scoop it out and
then go for Ian but we're gonna let that
cook and I'm gonna pulse it make sure
it's cooked all the way through okay as
it cooks I just continue to cook
thoroughly following cooking okay so
after looking at this packet this is
essentially making General Tso's sauce
and each one of these is for one pound
of chicken so and on the back you have
to make it with soy sauce water sugar if
it makes this packet we don't have soy
sauce so I'm going to mix this up - the
soy sauce because it's only 3 tablespoon
and mix those two together and make our
General Tso's sauce okay so I have my
seasoned patent mixture here and I have
my bottle of general so here I'm going
to pour it all into the Ninja and the
chicken nice and cooked brown so we're
gonna pour everything in here and bring
it to a boil
okay so there I added everything in I'm
gonna stir it up a little bit
if that come to a boil again it looks
like it is definitely boiling and we
will turn it down to low and let it
simmer until it starts to thicken up so
I have my can of chop suey
vegetables I'm going to add those in now
I have drained them I'm going to mix
them in here while it's simmering there
we go get it all mixed up and then we'll
let it all simmer for a few more minutes
okay so cook some rice just real quick
on the stove and here we go here's our
General Tso's chicken thickened up quite
a bit as you can see
there we go looks delicious
so we had a little modification along
the way didn't exactly make the General
Tso's recipe according to the plan but
the combination of the one packet and
the bottle of sauce was plenty of sauce
and the flavor was great I mean it
really had a good strong general tso's
flavor to it the only thing I would
change is probably put some more
vegetables in there with it it was kind
of just chicken and you know we added
that little can of vegetable but I think
maybe some fresh broccoli or something
would be good
cooked in with it other than that it was
it turned out really good so give it a
try let us know how you made it and if
you like these videos give us a thumbs
up and subscribe more videos coming -
thanks